Clarify Readme steps to add new sample (#137)
MicrosoftEdge/Demos: pwamp/README.md

See also:
* [Overview of Progressive Web Apps (PWAs)](https://learn.microsoft.com/microsoft-edge/progressive-web-apps/)

<!-- ------------------------------ -->
### Features available by installing the app

When you install the PWA locally on the desktop, the following features become available:

* Audio files are handled natively.  To add an audio file to your PWAmp library, double-click the audio file, such as in File Explorer.

* `*.pwampskin` files are handled natively.  To change the look and feel of the app, double-click a `.pwampskin` file.

* The custom `web+amp` protocol is handled natively.

   * Share links of remote songs with other people by using `web+amp:remote-song:<url-to-song>` links.

   * You can also share skins with other people by using the URL pattern `web+amp:skin:<url-to-skin>`.  Example song link: 

      * [By the Light of the Silvery Moon - Fats Waller](web+amp:remote-song:ia803003.us.archive.org/17/items/78_by-the-light-of-the-silvery-moon_fats-waller-and-his-rhythm-fats-waller-the-dee_gbia0153541a/BY%20THE%20LIGHT%20OF%20THE%20SILVERY%20-%20%22Fats%22%20Waller%20and%20his%20Rhythm.mp3).

> * The title bar becomes able to be displayed or hidden.  To hide the title bar, in the toolbar, click the chevron (>>) icon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The title bar can be displayed or hidden.  To hide the title bar, in the toolbar, click the chevron (^) icon.
```

| Protocol Handling | Links that start with `web+amp:` can be used to share remote songs. | [Handle protocols in a PWA](../how-to/handle-protocols.md) |
| File Handling | Audio files can be opened with PWAmp directly. Right-click on a file ending with `.mp3` for example and click **Open with**. | [Handle files in a PWA](../how-to/handle-files.md) |
| Web Share | Songs can be shared with other apps through the operating system sharing dialog. | [Sharing content](../how-to/share.md#sharing-content) |
| Share Target | Other apps can share audio files with PWAmp, through the operating system sharing dialog. | [Receiving shared content](../how-to/share.md#receiving-shared-content) |
| Widget | A mini-player Widget can be installed in Windows 11 Widgets dashboard to see the current song. | [Display a PWA widget in the Windows Widgets Board](../how-to/widgets.md) |
| Sidebar | PWAmp can be pinned to the sidebar in Microsoft Edge. | [Build a PWA for the sidebar in Microsoft Edge](../how-to/sidebar.md) |

<!-- ====================================================================== -->

> ## Open the sample

Reviewer: I think it would be good to make this section appear earlier in the readme. The most important thing we want users to do on the repo is open samples.

1. Go to [pwamp](https://microsoftedge.github.io/Demos/pwamp/).

1. In the Address bar, click the **App available** button.

1. Open the installed app in its own window.

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Use the sample

<!-- ------------------------------ -->
### Add new songs

To add new songs, do either:
* Drag audio files from your explorer onto the playlist area.
* In the bottom toolbar, click the `+` button.

Artist, title, and album information are parsed from the song files (if available).

<!-- ------------------------------ -->
### Edit song information

To edit song information:

1. Click the artist, title, or album field.

1. Edit the text.

<!-- ------------------------------ -->
### Add custom artwork for an album

To add custom artwork for an album:

1. Drag and drop an image file onto a song.

<!-- ------------------------------ -->
### Play, pause, or go to the next or previous song

To play, pause, or go to the next or previous song:

1. Use the top toolbar.

<!-- ------------------------------ -->

> ### Record an audio clip

Reviewer: We don't really need to document all the features of the app. Some of them are not useful to learn about integrating a PWA in Windows (which this sample is about).

Author: Compare live readme:
https://github.com/MicrosoftEdge/Demos/blob/main/pwamp/README.md#user-guide -- 

<img width="927" height="895" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/ab562c9e-99cf-4e0b-b3dd-edd78b1f3936" />

Author: resolved UI todo's
